Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I have my sweetheart with me.
I told her, I said, there's some things I wanted her to read, but I just thought, well, let's go over some of the old videos that I've spoken and told you all what the Holy Spirit was showing us as we were praying.
We're starting to see it in the news, and I think it's time to go over some of those.
So, if you want to know some of the words that you know, like, 'Brandon, you're calling out all this stuff,' and we're seeing several of them in the news all at once.
And I told D, I said, 'It's really cool whenever you start to see the words when we're praying as a family here on this channel, and you start to see it from you all sending us stuff saying, "Hey, did you see your word came to pass here?
Did you?
"' And I'm like, 'Wow, I didn't realize that happened.
' So, let's go over some of those.
You know, for the people who just think that we're just seeing things all the time and there's no fruit behind it, I want to do this every once in a while to show that our prayers are working.
What we're praying into and what God is showing us are warnings of the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're getting so close, but I was excited about some of it.
So, number one, we were told about this ship-looking thing.
I don't know what it is.
It's an asteroid, slash, the size of Manhattan—a massive rock that's traveling at over 100,000 miles an hour.
And it doesn't have a tail.
From what they can observe, this rock, this thing that's headed towards this direction doesn't have a comet tail.
It has—the front of it has lights.
So, it's like headlights on this rock.
So, it's burning from the front up and it's not burning from the back, which is, you know, unheard of.
Usually, whenever you have a comet or whatever, they burn from their tail back and it leaves gases and stuff and particles, and it's burning.
But from what I understand, when you watch this little clip from Paul Begley, he talks about this rock that is burning from the front up.
But here's the thing: there's no tail.
And a comet has a tail.
NASA says it's a comet, but an image taken by the Hubble telescope in late July shows that the object is radiating light forward.
And Avi Loeb says there's something very unusual about that.
It shows a glow like a headlight in the front and no tail in the back.
Not behind it is the glow; the glow is in the front.
'If it were a standard comet, we'd expect some dust to be shedding off the surface of the object, and the dust would be pushing behind the object as a result of the solar radiation pressure.
' The object is unprecedented because its size and the trajectory it's coming is something we've never seen before.
They think it's an alien something.
We know there's no such thing as aliens.
First, I have to make that clear.
There is no such thing as aliens, but there are fallen angels and there are demonic spirits.
We know what the Bible tells us.
And what I warned you all right before Jesus Christ comes, the Lord spoke to me when I went to tribulation with Him.
It's one of the last things He told me.
And this is in 2014.
July the 6th of 2014 is when I had this visitation from the Lord, and He took me to tribulation.
So aliens and drones, all this stuff was very, very seldom in the news.
You'd hear about it every once in a while on some, like, conspiracy channel or something, but now it's becoming mainstream, just like Jesus told me.
He said, 'Brandon, right before I come, the days, the months before this time frame, watch for alien deception.
' Watch this, because they will use this to explain away the rapture in the days ahead, telling everybody—remember I warned you—that the Christians, that people were taken away because of rebellion.
That's what the Antichrist will come out and say, and he'll tell everybody about all this.
'Oh yes, the Christians were taken.
These people were taken because they were a rebellious people because the Mahdi is coming.
' Remember I told you the Mahdi coming.
So this is part of the punishment, so they're taken out of here.
So they will start to bring on false—this is by the devil's design—false alien invasions, false alien stuff.
And I told you, watch for this great big mothership coming.
This was a massive-looking spaceship thing.
It was gold.
It was thin.
And it had lightning bolts beaming all around it like it was all alive.
It had windows all the way around, and you could see lights coming out of it.
It was over the Vatican.
It was over Italy in the vision.
And the other one was over the temples, these Mayan-looking temple things in Mexico, but the people had signs.
They had, like, 'Welcome to Earth,' and they had signs, and they were excited about this alien thing going on in the sky.
So they were like tinfoil hat people.
Like, I'm talking, had signs, and they were—and I started to laugh because when I saw it, I thought, 'That's really funny, Lord.
' And the Lord said, 'No, this is not funny.
This is a great deception, and many people are going to fall for what's about to take place on the earth.
' They're trying to come up with an alibi.
The demonic is coming up with an alibi of what happens when the rapture takes place.
Now, they're talking about this thing looks like it's alive and it's moving in the way it's moving.
We've never seen anything ever travel at this speed ever before, and it looks like it's in its own control.
It's like it's in control of itself.
Well, I told you fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knee.
I told you the Lord said to us in this prayer time that it would go over Italy, this mothership-looking thing.
I saw an alien fake invasion coming over Italy and over the Mayan temples down in Mexico, and it would be seen and it would be really scary to a lot of people.
And then I saw heavy-set people.
I saw people out, like, saying, 'Welcome to Earth.
' And they had their signs, and they were like tinfoil hat people, but they were all excited and celebrating this alien deity that they think is going to be like ET.
They call it ET.
'Welcome to Earth, ET,' you know?
And they were, you know, celebrating, worshiping this thing, excited.
Then I saw other, like, ships, little ships flying really fast all over the East Coast, all over the place, shooting around that looked like the size of a car in the vision.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'This is coming.
A great deception is coming.
' And I'm telling you, to the point where I believe that it will even get out eventually and have an interview on TV.
Some kind of demonic spirit, something that is going to deceive millions of people to get you to believe that there's some kind of alien life form.
It is demonic.
And this is where you say, 'Well, where is scripture to back that?
' If the Bible says that we can entertain angels unaware—remember that the Bible says we can entertain angels unaware—demons and fallen angels, fallen angels are angels, right?
But they're demonic.
So if you can entertain angelic beings and be unaware of it, you can entertain demonic spirits and be unaware of it.
They're both the same, just two different ones.
One's good, one's bad.
One's fallen, one's not fallen.
So I want you to be on the lookout, just telling y'all, for a fallen angel deception.
So if you can entertain angels unaware, you can entertain demonic spirits unaware.
Just remember this.
So that's what's coming.
That was one of the words.
And the Lord warned, and I've been saying this clear back in 2023.
There's this coming, and now we're seeing stuff talking, and Harvard's talking about it, NASA's talking about it.
We don't know what this is that's coming this way.
And now all they're talking about is UFO files all this time.
Congress said, 'We need to—we see things traveling in the water at hundreds of miles an hour, and it's flying through the water, and it's huge and looks like a football field going through the water,' the Navy, the US Navy, and all this stuff.
And I'm like, "Folks, I told you there's demonic stuff that's about to really try to shake the world.
" And so, I believe we're on the verge of it.
I believe we're getting really close to it.
How does the devil know?
The devil knows because of Adam's lease.
The devil knows how close we are to the rapture and to these things.
It's getting closer.
No man knows the day or the hour.
Nobody knows the exact time, but we know the seasons.
So, even if we don't know it, the devil knows his timeframe is coming up to do his seven-year tribulation.
So, he goes, "I'm watching the fig tree just like we are.
I'm watching these things.
I may not know the day or the hour that the Son of Man returns, and the rapture of the church, and all the things, because no one knows other than the Father.
But the devil knows the signs just like we do.
We're watching the fig tree; we're watching these things.
We see the signs of the heavens.
We see all this stuff.
" And he's going, "I've got to stop anything I can to keep as many people going to hell as I can right with me," because he knows he's already going to hell.
He'll try to delay it or whatever he's going to try to do.
But what's the most precious thing to the Father?
is a human soul.
He died for it.
Now, judgment begins in the house of the Lord.
I first warned you about judgment beginning in the house of the Lord.
And the Lord warned us, and He said, "Brandon, I'm going to shake the pulpits of some ministers in the days ahead.
" And this is not just non-denominational or charismatic; this is across the board.
All religions: Catholic, Methodist, all of us.
Okay?
He said, "You're going to see a shaking to awaken in my church.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
" He said, "You're about to see, if you remember, you prepared to play the little clip right here, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
A cleansing in the church is yet still to come on a greater scale.
A cleansing.
There's been patience behind things as He's waiting for people to get it right.
There's been patience there for a while now.
Seedtime and harvest are accelerating, and things that were behind closed doors will be opened.
You're going to see it open.
I see an open door.
And it's going to be like when you purge it.
It's cleaning things, big ministries.
For this is part of what comes before the great revival.
You see, a great revival is coming.
But He's cleaning up His bride, cleaning up the church.
You're going to see more of this.
He has given time for repentance.
He's merciful.
I hear Him say, 'I have been merciful, but time is up.
' Time is up concerning this.
He said, 'You'll see exposing now, not to embarrass, but for healing.
There must be healing.
' It's like a wound; He's cleaning out the wound.
There are big wounds.
And yes, they'll be set on the bench, but He is raising up new voices with a backbone that will say what He tells them to say.
They're nobodies.
They're going to be raising up soon.
You're going to see new people, new voices rising up.
Woe to you who have hidden sin.
He said, 'You repent now.
' Woe to you who have hidden sin.
He said, 'Time is running out.
Time is out.
' He said, 'Time is not running out.
' There is a line.
He said, 'For judgment begins in the house of the Lord.
' First, there's corruption in finances.
There will be exposures.
There's corruption with money.
It's around the globe.
He said it's around the globe; it's not just about America.
This is about the church.
And the church doesn't represent America; the church is the church global.
But most people think whenever you're talking about this stuff, it's about America.
But He said it's deep within the heart of the body.
So we see yesterday a major minister, sounds like a $50 million scandal with trafficking people, trafficking, having relations with women, and making them...
it's bad stuff.
And this is the beginning, I told you, of great judgment coming on the church, of a cleaning of the house.
The Lord warned us that this was coming, and He said it would be like Ananias and Sapphira starting to come.
As we go into this timeframe, He said, going into the fall, going into '26, you're going to see a great shaking in the church to awaken.
For a harvest of souls, you have to clean up the church first and get it ready for the fish to come in.
He said you're going to see a lot of elders go home, and you're going to start to see the new Davids, the new Esthers, and the new Hannahs all come up.
You're going to see this new generation.
The older generation, you can see it.
And it's not like I'm going to say it's like Saul.
I'm not, because Saul was in rebellion to what the Lord told him to do.
But you see, when the anointing starts to depart from the elders, it's not as strong, and it's going to go to the younger generation.
The Lord told me, He said, 'It's going to be like David.
You're going to start to see the kingly anointing on people, and they're going to rise up out of seemingly nowhere and people will go, 'Who are these people?
What happened?
'' And that's what the Lord told me is going to start happening a lot.
But He also said that you're going to see some people start to go home, and you're going to start to see judgment begin in the house of the Lord for trafficking.
And He even said, 'You'll see the trafficking on the news in the days ahead.
' As we prayed, the FBI raids this place.
Bam!
And I'm like, 'Wow, this is amazing.
I praise God.
' I don't know how many people are victims of this; it's a very tragic situation.
A $50 million scandal of all this going on down there, and how many people are involved, I don't know.
They don't talk about it.
But it's pretty sickening whenever you start seeing this.
And there's more than that.
There are a lot of people.
I believe there was another one, but without speaking about it, there was another pastor that did something bad, and he was taking pictures of himself sending nude selfies to his volunteers.
And I'm like, 'Are you serious?
This is bad.
' So we see these things starting to happen.
A cleansing of the church in certain areas where there's corruption is going to be uncovered.
So, if you're a pastor and you're doing bad things, and you're committing...
you're messing around on your wife, you're doing things bad with corruption, the Lord told me, He said, 'You're going to see people that are huge ministers with scandals in their finances, a money scandal.
You're going to see big money scandals with money laundering, money fraud.
' He said there will be embezzlement cases coming up with big ministers with huge platforms, with embezzlement charges, money laundering, and scandals.
And it's going to say it in the news: 'Scandal.
' Remember what I'm telling you, because it's coming.
I want you to remember this.
It's coming.
Money laundering, money scandals, embezzlement, trafficking, and it's happening just like the Lord said.
I had a video sent to me, and they said, 'Do you see what this guy in the UK is talking about?
' So, the UK is preparing for a major event of mass casualties, how to incinerate bodies by the lot.
So, if there's a mass casualty event, they're trying to pass it in a law that they can incinerate like 700 bodies at a time.
I believe it was an astronomical number.
It was a lot, like putting them in this burner.
It was a burner, from what I understand.
And I can show you the little clip right here.
You can watch it.
But this guy in the UK, he's a doctor and he said this stuff is being talked about in the parliament over there, of what would happen to prepare for a major event in the days ahead.
It says here: 'In the event of a major incident resulting in a large number of fatalities which could overwhelm existing body storage, the Home Office would provide contingency support to the requesting local authority.
' And these tenders have now been fulfilled.
They're talking about core requirements of storage of up to 700 fatalities.
So, this is in my spirit what I feel like I've seen about the scorpion with King Charles stinging and all the stuff the Lord's warning us about of an acceleration of war.
Is this them preparing for an acceleration of war, or do they know another virus is coming?
They know about this virus that the Lord has spoken to me about.
How many times, because we went over that again today?
We were talking about it.
When the Lord spoke to me, I saw 350 million people go home.
At least 350 was a big number, and I remember seeing that number.
It was projected at 350 million.
Well, people say, 'Well, that's not very many, Brandon.
' Well, that's the population of the United States of America.
That is a lot of people.
Regardless of whether you think, 'Well, there are 7 billion, 8 billion people, so 350 million is not that much,' the population in America going home all at once because of a virus is a catastrophic event in my opinion.
I don't know how many people live in Australia, but I guarantee you it's not 100 million, maybe.
I don't know.
That is a lot of people, the population of America.
There are a lot of people in America.
But to say everybody in America, if you drove from coast to coast and you didn't see one single person on the face of the Earth in America, in the States, everybody's gone—that would be weird, of course.
So that's the kind of virus this would be, from what the Lord showed me.
I saw it was a massive...
He told me even the number 350 million.
And then, you know, it's like whenever He told me about British Columbia and the earthquake up there, and He told me, 'Prepare, this earthquake's coming; 30,000 people will go home.
' I saw it in that area, 30,000 people.
Well, that's a lot of people.
That's the population of major towns, you know, of all people gone.
We're talking deceased.
So when we see the governments are preparing for major events like that, what do they know is coming?
It's like Mark Zuckerberg digging holes in the middle of Hawaii, making a huge bunker for like $100 million—you know, a multi-million dollar, $100 million project in the middle of the ground—saying, 'Well, I don't know anything's coming.
' Why would you spend that kind of money then?
Unless you just want to burn $100 million plus.
But there are a lot of these rich people that know, and I told you the Lord warned us in these videos when we're praying: they know something is coming.
Inside Mark Zuckerberg's top-secret Hawaii compound, it described a large, self-sufficient underground bunker with what appeared to be a blast-resistant door.
'You do have a bunker there.
Is there something you know that we don't?
' 'No, I think that's just like a little shelter under...
It's like a basement.
A little shelter.
' 'What are you worried about?
' And they're preparing for it.
And I saw underground towns in America that were like bunker arcs for survival.
And I saw them getting this stuff prepared for a major event that's about to take place.
Signs of the times.
And that's why I was telling you all about the poles shifting.
And I've warned you how many times on this channel that I saw the earth is going to rock and reel like a drunkard.
The Bible says...
Well, I don't know what's going to cause that, but it's some kind of outside affairs that's going to be causing this.
September—I've warned you about September, the month to remember—a major event.
The Lord said, 'Watch for this, for it will be the time of separation of the sheep and the goats.
And who stands with Israel, I will bless.
And who that curses Israel, they'll be cursed.
' And I saw major earthquakes happening in these areas, major earthquakes on the ones who do not stand.
And this is going to be a dividing line of blessing and cursing.
I told you, watch the month of September.
And I saw a haze over a month, and then it was a line across it separating September and October.
And I thought, 'What is this?
' and the Lord said, 'Watch these two months; this is important.
' So we're praying into it.
So then we get the article right here.
You'll see this: Trump decides to speak at the UN again.
This is amazing.
On the 23rd of September, the beginning of Rosh Hashanah.
Okay, the 23rd—that's not a coincidence either.
And he's going to stand.
So, what is his speech going to be about?
Right now, Emmanuel Macron just announced today that he's going to the United Nations next month, and he is going to recognize a Palestinian state.
And what I'm hearing is that maybe as many as 185 nations are going to go along with him, and maybe 15 will not, including the United States.
And thank God, now I'm hoping Canada doesn't go along with it.
I'm hoping the United Kingdom doesn't, and I'm hoping Australia doesn't.
But France is definitely leading the charge to try to part the land.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up more in the days ahead.
That's what has been heard.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up in the days ahead.
I told you he'll be an Ishmael.
He'll be an Ishmael to the Isaac of what's about to...
Most people say, 'Oh, he's the Antichrist.
' He is not.
Watch: he'll be an Ishmael even in the months ahead.
He'll take stands against Israel, he'll take stands against things, and he'll look like an Ishmael.
Everybody's going to go and sound the alarm: 'It's him!
It's him!
' But you'll have an Ishmael on your hands.
It's not true.
It's a spirit behind him that's paving and tilling the ground.
He's tilling the ground, getting it ready for the Antichrist to come.
He's tilling the ground.
The Lord says, 'He's not ready.
This is not him.
' But he's tilling the ground.
He's the forerunner, tilling the ground, getting the soil ready for him.
Everybody said they want to divide and cause Palestine to be a state on the 23rd.
They want to talk about this.
But we have the eclipse on the 7th, which is next week or so—a week, two weeks, a week and a half away.
So, we have this major eclipse going to come.
And then they say, 'Well, Trump's like, we're not going to push.
We're not going to poke the bear,' which is basically saying we're going to let this thing roll down to the first of the year with Putin and Zelensky because he knows he's stepping into a trap.
I told you there were landmines everywhere, and I'm telling you: do not poke the bear.
I saw a great escalation with a demonic spirit, the great Apollyon.
I saw Apollyon come up out of the pit and start spinning and causing great war on the land.
And I saw him interfering with Putin.
And I saw...
That's what I'm talking about, these incinerators and all this.
The Lord's warning us that a major war has the potential to break out.
Maybe it won't be about the incinerator and the war; maybe it'll be about the plague.
But they're talking about it.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all: people are planning.
They know something's coming.
They want to not be caught off guard.
They don't say, 'How are we going to bury all these bodies?
' Well, they're planning on a lot of death.
That's what you all need to know.
They're planning on a lot of people dying.
They're not saying, 'Well, how are we going to thrive and have a great time?
' No, how do we burn everybody if they're dead?
That's not a feel-good sermon, but I'm trying to tell you that the world knows something's about to happen.
You can sense it.
State media in Pyongyang is saying North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un will be attending China's victory celebration next week that marks the formal surrender of Japan during World War II.
Russia's president Vladimir Putin is also to be among those 26 heads of state who will attend this event.
I saw them in secret meetings again.
I saw them in meetings and they were talking and they were whispering whispers of how to overcome the Western culture.
That means it was secret.
They didn't want it to be let out.
He's being promised a lot.
North Korea, Kim Jong-un, they're being promised a lot.
It makes them confident.
There are secret meetings.
I'm telling you, there are secret meetings.
It's like what I see about North Korea and China and Russia becoming one.
And I see an alliance of these countries almost like they're thinking as one, like a covenant.
I saw Vladimir Putin with North Korea in the background with Xi Jinping with his allies, okay?
And Vladimir Putin had a hand of cards and he had five cards.
He had five cards in his hand and he was holding them out like a fan and he was hiding behind those cards.
And I saw before that World War III in black letters across.
I told you all I saw North Korea siding with China as an Asian front, an Asian front in the days ahead, using Korea as a linchpin.
Eventually, I believe Kim Jong-un will be removed, and his sister.
The things the Lord showed me about secret meetings...
God protect me.
I saw little Kim, Russia, and certain major powers.
I'll say it like that.
I saw certain major powers.
I see Kim Jong-un, North Korea.
North Korea is in the waiting, is in the waiting, is in the waiting.
And then a great escalation to really kick this thing off at a higher level.
Escalation.
Alliances have been made.
Great alliances have been made.
Waiting, waiting, waiting.
It's not a bluff.
This is not a bluff.
I hear, "This is not a bluff.
" This is not a bluff.
You must listen.
This is not a bluff.
North Korea doesn't want to be underneath this anymore.
They want to come out and have free trade.
They want to be able to be a part of the world trade.
And there are things being said, with Russia promising them a better tomorrow for the price of war for this.
"Help us, help us.
They're sending troops.
They're sending aid.
They're sending bombs and missile things to help you.
Help us, we will help you.
" It's with the BRICS.
And that's what I was telling Dee.
I said, "You know, it's what I feel in the spirit, even when we were driving around today doing things.
" I said, "It feels like Christmas morning, you know, as a kid, that you're about to have this great gift.
You're about to get these presents, and you know, but you don't know what's in the boxes, but you see they're wrapped up underneath the tree for you and you're going, 'Man, I just have expectation that something good is about to happen.
'" That's what I'm telling you.
I feel in my spirit an anticipation that something good is about to happen.
I told her, I said, "Do you feel that?
" She goes, "Yes.
" If you have that butterfly, you're excited.
You're kind of, "Wow," you know?
You have that in your stomach.
You're just like, "Wow, something major is about to happen.
" Well, that's what I feel in the spirit realm.
We're on the verge of something major.
But as we see Trump say he's going to speak on the 23rd, that's not coincidence.
That's not coincidence.
I told you.
Look at this.
This is—that's amazing.
I thought he could have picked any day of the month, but he chose the 23rd, folks.
I mean, seriously.
I mean, do you all think that's coincidence?
It's all biblical.
It's signs of the times and of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's all happening.
And people are like, "Brandon, don't you know the rapture is coming in September?
" I personally do not believe it's coming in September.
I personally do not.
I believe we have a harvest of souls.
And billions don't know Jesus.
This is where I want to get to next.
Tell them how many people have not heard the gospel.
They call it the 10/40 window.
The 10/40 window.
And that is just this rectangular area with the most unreached people in the world, like, that have not heard the gospel of Jesus Christ.
This is staggering statistics.
Yeah.
I want you to understand why the Lord said to me, "If I come back right now, all these people are going to hell.
" And I didn't know this.
And when she started studying this out, she—I said, because we were talking about, "Where should we put a new channel?
Where should we plant our—" If you comment down below, if you're watching from another nation and you're watching us right now and we don't speak your language and you have to translate through something or whatever, tell us where you would want another channel.
We're trying.
I told the Lord, I said, "Show me who's the greatest harvest.
" And so we were studying who's the most unsaved.
And this is where this came out of, brainstorming as a family, praying in the spirit, asking the Father who needs to hear the gospel the most right now, because we can afford right now to expand to one more channel.
And we're trying to figure it out.
That's where we're at right now.
So listen to the statistics of how many people.
So there you go.
I wanted to tell them why we were doing this.
Yeah.
So the number one would be India: 1.
36 billion people in India unreached.
China: 1.
3 billion unreached.
Pakistan: 243 million unreached.
Bangladesh: 174 million unreached.
Japan: 120 million.
Indonesia: 247 million.
Nepal: 30 million.
Turkey: 85 million.
Iran: 88 million.
And Thailand: 70 million.
That's a lot.
Do you understand why the Lord is—I'm telling you, that is a lot of people going to hell.
That's not just—that's not, "Well, that's just one person.
" No, that's millions upon millions of people that, if Jesus Christ comes back on September the 23rd, are going to hell.
And that's why he told me, he said, "I'm coming back for a glorious church.
I'm coming back for a church who is on fire, that is expecting me to come back but is out busy about the Father's business.
" And right now, the American culture, us, it's about 'my four and no more' usually.
I mean, it's like pulling teeth to get people to come to prayer on a Sunday night.
If you have 60, 70 people on a Sunday night come to prayer, you're blessed.
And most people of a church of a thousand, if 10% show up, you're doing good, is what I'm trying to say.
I mean, that's a phenomenal crowd.
My point is, there's no urgency.
There's no urgency about Jesus coming.
A lot of people are so busy with soccer practice, football practice, whatever going on in their life, and you're going, "Man, I just—" But if you really truly believe that Jesus Christ was coming on the 23rd, we're in serious trouble.
It's time to wake up, ladies and gentlemen.
And all these words and all the things that the Lord shares with us on this channel, I can't count them all anymore.
Braden has to go through and keep track of all this as my scribe and keep all this down.
He has a memory that's massive, you know, that is able to remember all this stuff, and he keeps it all in there saying, "Dad, I remember when you spoke this.
I remember when the Lord said this.
" And it's taken a lot of work.
But my point of what I'm trying to say is, every single time, the whole circle of what God is always trying to tell us on this channel is that, "I'm coming.
" And if you don't know him, you're going to spend eternity in hell.
If he doesn't know you—it's not about you knowing him and then you thinking you know about God, "Well, I've heard about God before.
" No, I'm talking about: does he know you?
Will he say, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" When you stand up on the day of judgment and Jesus looks at you and he's examining you and he says, "You know what?
" Are you willing to take that opportunity right now and say, "Brandon, I can examine my heart and I don't believe that will happen with me.
I know him.
I know he knows me.
I spend time with him every day.
" Well, then this message isn't for you.
But there's a lot of you out there that listen to this and you're on the edge.
You tiptoe around church.
You tiptoe around Christianity.
You tiptoe around relationship.
You're kind of in and out.
You're half in, you're half out.
Yeah.
You know, "I'm not really all serious about all this," but from what I understand, there's so many people trying to prophesy about the 23rd.
You know what's going to happen on the 23rd?
A great shifting.
I'm trying to tell you this is the time frame that the Lord's warning us about, the feast of trumpets.
I watched a video from Tom Horn 5 years ago that spoke about what he believed was going to happen at the end of September the 23rd going into October the 3rd or whatever it is.
It's a window of days.
He believed the rapture of the church, something major is going to happen in that time frame.
But as we get closer and closer to these time frames, and we haven't had the major revival, we haven't had these things take place.
And if so many people go to hell after dying and read all that list, she tells you how many people are going to hell.
I believe we're about to see a major event that will shake to awake the church for a major revival.
Now, how long does this revival last?
I think this revival will last a three and a half, a three-year window.
I believe we have a three to three and a half year window somewhere around there of a major outpouring of the spirit of God with beyond anything you've ever seen before.
This is what we're praying into.
Now, this is just Brandon talking.
This is not being prophetic.
This is just me trying to look at it and study just like everybody else does because there's a lot of guessers out there.
So, I'm just throwing my guess in the hat, too.
You know, I'm entitled to it, but I want to tell you this.
It's not me being prophetic right now, telling you that I think that the time frame of when I think the Lord's coming.
I just feel that when he's spoken to us through this channel and saying, "I want you to—I'm giving you a three-year window for a harvest of souls starting in September.
" What's happening in September?
It will be a time to remember.
It's a time for everything will change.
Everything in this time frame will change within a 24-hour period and nothing will ever be the same again in this time frame.
It's the point of the water going off the edge, the point of no return when the labor pains would be at the—when you can't get an epidural anymore.
How many times has he said that, "This will be a time where you're at the—it's push time.
No more epidural time.
" There's a time of labor when you can't get an epidural anymore; you're at the point of no return.
And the Lord says, "As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
" I'm telling you, we're at the point of no return.
And that's what he's trying to tell us.
September, the month to remember, a major shifting, a major shaking going into the fall with finances, with all these things, going in and seeing all this stuff start to change.
And I'm like, what are we going to see?
A major event.
What if we don't see any major event?
What if there's no catastrophic event?
It's in the spirit realm.
That's what I'm like.
I'm looking for something—something's about to happen.
Well, if we don't see in the natural, I feel we'll see in the spirit.
You'll be able to sense and know if you have any kind of spiritual knowing inside of you as Trump speaks on the 23rd.
You know, this is about the fig tree.
This is about the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ as they try to split and cause a two-state solution.
When you see all the things happening and all the words being spoken about Jesus Christ coming, I just know his heart is about souls.
Now, if he comes back, I'll high-five you on the way up.
Come on, man.
I'll be so excited, but I'll be disappointed for all the people that didn't get to go with us.
That's just my heart when you see so many Asian people that will go to hell.
How many people from Africa?
How many people from South America?
How many people will miss it?
And it would be really sad.
That would be really sad.
I mean, I just go, "Wow.
" Yeah, we're excited for us, but you're going, "Wow, bye" as you're waving as you go up and you look up and all those people are looking at you and they're looking at you as you're going up or whatever and you're waving and going, "What in the world?
All those people are not coming with us.
" Would that bother you?
It would bother me.
I mean, I know we're going to be going to heaven, but what if that's your family down there?
I'm just saying, just being real with you.
What if we've not witnessed enough?
What if your family members are the ones that you're watching as you're going up, you're looking down, and they're not here?
It would really bother me.
But there's a lot of people that just don't care, I guess.
But there's a part of me, the soul winner on the inside of me, cries out for the lost to stop being church as usual and become church unusual and get excited and have an expectation of prayer meetings.
Have an anticipation to show up and do your part and pray for the nations to have a major revival to be that light in the darkness and not be the person who blends in with everybody else.
I just have an expectation for this month that maybe the Adam's lease would be up, that God's given us the sliver, that as I was driving around, he kept showing me angels in assistance, angels on assignment, angels coming to help us with angelic visitations and manifestations like we've never seen before.
It's time to believe God for the angel visitations.
I saw two angels per heathen, or per unsaved person on the earth coming down to help us and assist us with the harvest, helping to war on our behalf.
I saw angel armies on the harvesting equipment when I went and Jesus visited me.
Remember I told you all about that?
And he said he held out his hands to me and he said, "Brandon, I died for every single one of them.
I don't want any of them to perish.
" And he held his hands out and he had huge holes on this side of his hand.
And he held his hand out and I could see through his holes and I could see the grain and the wheat.
He said, "The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Brandon, will you help me bring in the harvest?
" and I saw his hands.
He had massive holes in his hands.
Massive down here.
It was right in here.
Massive holes right in here in his hands.
It was massive.
Huge holes that were from wall to wall, huge holes in his hands.
He suffered greatly for you.
And he took—I saw his hand and he held his hands out, but he held them like this before me in the spirit.
And I could see through them.
There was light shining through him.
And he said, "I died for every single one of them.
" And he showed me his hands, what he suffered for you.
But he said, "Brandon, will you help me bring in the harvest?
Will you help me tell my people that I'm coming?
" And I said, "Lord, Lord, as for me and my house, we will serve you.
We will help you bring in the harvest.
" He said, "Yeah, I know you will.
" He smiled real big.
He said, "Yeah, I know you will.
" As I looked to the barn, if you remember what I saw, I saw all the farming equipment and all of it was up there.
That big old barn was full of all that glory gold dust.
But he said, "Brandon, it's no longer just this with like what the anointing, you know, with what I saw.
The harvest equipment was the anointing and gifts and the callings of God on our lives to bring in—to attract what I'm always talking about, to deflect to him.
It was no longer that.
I saw on the edge of heaven all the warring angels getting ready to be dispatched.
There was so many of them you couldn't count them all because they looked like grains of beautiful light, and it was all up on the side of this, and I could see the edge of heaven.
I could see this barn on the edge of heaven.
It was beautiful with angels, and they were stacked upon stacks, and they're ready with their arms and their wings spread out, and they were ready to come down and assist.
And all of a sudden, they looked like a waterfall coming out of the edge of heaven.
They looked like stars falling like a meteor shower.
They were all falling, and they came down, and they came over this.
As they were coming, they looked like a wave.
You know how you would see a wave crashing?
They were crashing with the wave as they were coming upon the people.
And I saw them being dispatched to each unsaved loved one—two per unsaved loved one was on each arm.
They were helping, and the Lord said, 'Uninterrupted and unhindered,' like you always said.
He grinned at me because I quote it from another preacher, but he knew what I was—because I quote it so much.
He kind of giggled in his voice.
He said, 'Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic force, Brandon,' and he grinned, and he smiled at me.
And I still couldn't see his face when he said it, 'Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic and demonic force,,' and he smiled real big at me.
He said, 'I'm sending my angels—sending the angels to help you to bring in this last harvest.
I'm bringing them in for you.
' And I could see the angels on each individual arm.
And I saw demons trying to influence the unsaved loved ones, the ones we're crying out for, the ones in—He said, 'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
' And I could see the angels helping us.
But it was truly that it wasn't they were being forced to make the decision, because he's a gentleman, but it was according to Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and they were no longer blind anymore.
They could see it and make a choice for themselves.
You see, no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him.
No man.
But at least you can have clear thinking to be able to make a choice without having a demonic spirit messing with you, especially if we're praying for them.
So know that your unsaved loved ones in the days ahead, I saw them.
They're all coming in like ripe cherries off a tree.
Jesus Christ died for every single one of them.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, you're about to see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, all for the glory of God.
It's no longer going to be catching them with a pole.
We're going to be catching them with the nets.
Not just a bunch of little nets, big shrimp boat nets, and we're going to scoop them up and bring them all like fishing nets—you know what I'm talking about.
We're going to scoop them up and bring them into the kingdom of God.
They're coming in.
But he said, 'Brandon, it won't be status quo.
It's going to be a shaking to awaken.
' And many people will not like what's about to happen, just like what it was with Jesus.
And he said to me, 'You know, Brandon, I could have said, "I don't want to die.
" I could have, but he was obedient unto death.
' He became sickness for us.
He became poor for us; through his poverty, we don't have to have it, but he became obedient unto death.
And he said, 'Not my will, Father, but yours be done.
' There's a great shaking to awaken, ladies and gentlemen, that's going to bring in this harvest.
He's leaving the ninety-nine, like I keep saying, and going after the one.
And we're about to see it.
I believe as we cross over into these times ahead and the days ahead, we're going to start seeing our unsaved loved ones go, "You know what?
I don't know why I didn't see it all the time.
You know what?
Brandon, all the time I just had this darkness on my mind, and it's lifted, and now I can see, and my eyes and my understanding are enlightened, and I know that I need to be saved.
" It's not going to just be with mine; it is going to be with yours.
I want you to believe God big in these last days.
Believe God big.
Well, I had one man say, 'I got born again on your channel, Brandon, and I pray every day, but my wife is Muslim, and I don't know what to do now.
And I'm a Christian, and I love the Lord, but what should I do about my wife being unsaved?
She's a Muslim.
She don't like it anymore, and we're having bad marriage problems.
' And I thought, 'Wow, that's interesting.
Amazing that you would find Jesus Christ on my channel.
But, sir, we're believing God for your wife.
She's coming to Jesus, too.
Get ready.
God didn't bring you out of the pit of hell to let your wife go.
I believe that there will be an awakening experience—an awakening experience for your wife that's Muslim right now, that you got born again into this, and she's going to come find Jesus, too.
It's going to be amazing.
Keep letting your light shine.
Keep sowing the love of God.
Love never fails.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Keep showing love even if she becomes unlovely.
Because I'm telling you, even the hardest of hearts becomes pliable in the hands of my mighty God.
He'll turn it on a dime, sir.
And I believe that the best is yet to come for you and your household, and all will be saved.
We're standing in agreement with you.
We're believing with you.
And we're believing that every single one of you that watch us on a regular basis, that you say, "Brandon, I'm believing for this, I'm believing for that," I'm standing with you.
We pray for—we take nothing and we give everything in return, because that's what God told us to do.
He said, "Pray for my people.
Pray, tell them I'm coming.
" And that's our whole—that's our whole mission on this YouTube channel is to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming and he loves you.
If you're watching this video right now and you hear me talking, and you say, "Brandon, that altar call shook me.
I need Jesus.
I need what you're talking about, and I don't know how to get there.
" Well, today's the day.
Today's the day.
I believe you—not by coincidence of hearing, "Well, how many prophecies he got that are in the news?
I wanted just to come over here and just see if what he's saying is coming to pass or whatever.
" But you've watched the whole thing, and you're being tugged at your heart.
That was the plan.
You came for the bait, and it was to get you born again, sir.
It was to get you born again, ma'am.
Because that's what it's about to us.
It's not about all the other stuff.
It's about Jesus Christ becoming real to you.
If he was to come back today, would you go in the rapture?
If you were to die today, would you burn in eternity in hell, or would you spend eternity in heaven with him?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Which one will you go?
You say, "Well, I don't believe it.
" Well, that doesn't change it.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
I'm telling you, it's time for you to come home.
It's time for you to accept Jesus Christ today as your Lord and personal Savior.
Well, how do I do it?
Well, let me tell you how you do it.
It says, 'With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
' With a heart, confession is made.
You say it out of your mouth: 'I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
I believe he died for me.
I believe that I'm going to serve him all the days of my life.
' You're going to say it out of your mouth, and we're going to say that prayer right now.
And you say, "Well, I'll do it later.
I don't have time today.
" You don't know when...
No man knows when his time is to die.
You could be going right now on the way to work and die in a car accident.
You could have a tragic accident on the way home.
The very shoes you put on your feet to go to work today, or to go wherever, the undertaker could be taking them off that evening.
Do not take a gamble with your life, saying, "Hey, I don't know if I need to make that decision right now.
I'll kind of wait.
I got to think about it.
It may be too late.
" No man is promised tomorrow; we're only promised right now.
But I want you to take that opportunity right now.
Don't take a gamble with your life one more day.
Don't be gambling with your life one more day.
It's time for you to come home today.
I'm going to give you the count of three.
I'm going to say, "count of three," and I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
" I want you to say it right now.
I want you to say it with your whole heart, and I want you to say, "I need to be saved today.
I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to spend eternity in hell," as we see all the signs of the times approaching.
Ready?
We're going to say: one, two, three.
Right now, I want you to put it in the comment section down below: "I need to be saved.
Today's my day.
I want salvation.
" Now, as you're putting that in the comment section and we're rejoicing with you, we're going to say a simple prayer that even a five-year-old child could say and mean it with their heart.
God didn't make it hard for any of us.
And He said, "I don't want anybody to perish, but all to come to repentance.
" Even a five-year-old child can repeat this prayer.
So, I'm going to say the prayer with you right now, and I want you to say it with your whole heart.
Mean it with your whole heart.
Don't just flippantly say this.
This is you talking to Jesus.
He's the one with those huge scars in His hands that died for you.
And He wants to make all things new for you, but you've got to mean it with your heart.
He's at the door of your heart, knocking right now.
He's knocking: "Will you let me in?
Will you let me change things?
Will you let me fix your life?
You've made a mess of it, but I can turn it on a dime.
I can fix it right now.
If you just give me an opportunity, I'll fix it," is what He's saying to you right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
Will you let Him in today?
Right.
So, we're going to say this prayer right now and we're going to mean it.
Today is the day of salvation for you.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're seated at the right hand of the Father, making intercession for me right now.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I'll serve you all the rest of my life.
Lord, I dedicate my life to you.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm no longer going to hell.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a new future with you.
Amen and amen.
" It's simple, but you said it.
It's all washed.
As far as the east is from the west, He said He has taken our sins from us.
He said He doesn't remember them anymore; He cast them in the sea of forgetfulness.
He has washed you and He has cleansed you from all of it.
Behold, He makes all things new.
Right now, as you speak, it's gone.
The past is behind you and you've got a new future.
Now, what do you do now?
Well, you go to church.
You need to find a non-denominational church.
Find a good non-denominational church and tell them, "I got born again.
I got born again on YouTube and I want to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Volunteer at that church.
Go to that church every single Sunday, Wednesday, when they have church, whenever you can.
Get plugged in there, volunteer, whatever you can do.
Read your Bible every day; it will change you from the inside out.
Read your Bible, pray, come over here, watch our videos, be a part of our YouTube community here, our family here, and I believe your life is going to be changed from glory to glory to glory from this day forward.
But you say to me, "Brandon, I don't have the money to buy a Bible.
" Well, we want to celebrate your new conversion, your coming to Jesus Christ today.
So, Diana and I will buy you a Bible just because we love you and we want to celebrate with you that you gave your heart to Jesus on our channel today.
So, this is what you do.
If you go into the description, you'll find our email address.
And if you just said this prayer and you got saved on this channel, just use that email address and put "I can't afford a Bible" in the title, and then put your address in the description, and we will use that to send you a Bible through Amazon.
And we won't use it for anything else.
It's just simply to send the Bible to you, and we won't spam you or send you junk mail with anything else.
So, we just want to rejoice with you.
It's a big deal what you did today.
You don't realize that you've just made the best decision you could have ever made.
I understand you've had a hard time, but today's a new start.
Today's a new start.
And if you fall down and scrape your knee and you say, "Well, I went back and I sinned again, Brandon.
I went back and did my old habits," confess immediately.
Run back to God.
Come back and say, "God, I repent.
I need help again.
" Go back to Him.
Don't run away from God when you sin; you run to God when you sin.
"God, I need you.
I messed up again.
" You run to God when you sin.
And when you confess your sins, like the Bible says, and you confess it before the Father, it's not when He found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
So know that from this day forward, you're no longer the devil's business.
You're God's business.
You no longer belong to the devil and are going to hell; you belong to the Father and He's going to take care of you.
Always run to the Father, even in the smallest to the biggest things.
It doesn't matter.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
And as you get into His Word, it will change you from the inside out.
Start with Proverbs.
Read through Proverbs.
Start with the red in the Bible.
Read through Psalms.
Just read; they're easy reads.
Just read it and it will minister to you, and you'll become stronger and stronger and stronger.
It will help you and it will change you.
And remember, He wants to heal you, too.
And He doesn't heal you because you're good; He heals you because He's good from the inside out.
Everyone that Jesus touched in the Bible wasn't saved; they were unsaved people.
Just think about that.
It's not about your righteousness; it's not about how good you are.
Jesus wants to touch you just where you are.
It's not about your works.
Everyone says, "Well, I've got to quote all these scriptures.
I've got to do all this stuff.
" How many times do you think the one with the issue of blood quoted scripture, or blind Bartimaeus?
All those people were unsaved.
Jesus hadn't died yet.
They were all under the Abrahamic covenant, and Jesus was going around touching people and they were getting healed.
All that happened, and then the disciples went, and it was under the New Covenant.
But I'm saying, look at how many people Jesus touched, folks.
If He'll do it for them, He'll do it for you.
He is no respecter of persons.
You've just got to believe.
The woman with the issue of blood's faith made her whole, and your faith will make you whole.
Remember that.
The Bible says He said, "Daughter, your faith has made you whole.
" And he said, "Be whole of that plague.
Be whole of this problem, and then go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you.
" Look at all the times he said that.
Stop.
After he told him, he said, "Don't mess around with sin anymore.
Don't open the door for it anymore.
Keep upright.
" But every single time, he just did it out of love.
God is a God of love, and he loves you and has a plan for your life.
But I'm telling you, the angel armies are coming.
The angel armies.
So, and that's why, about North Korea, all these other things, I'm telling you, so many times you've showed us about all the angelic visitations.
So, we get excited about it around this house.
All right.
Well, praise the Lord.
I just felt the anointing on that altar call.
I'm excited.
I believe we'll have a lot of salvations off that.
I'm believing for a major harvest of souls, all to the glory.
Every time we do this, I just give the people an opportunity to make a choice.
I appreciate you all watching this every single time.
I know that there are some of you who watch every video no matter what I say, but there are some of you who click out really quick.
So, I'm thankful for the people who support me, that believe in Diana and I enough to listen to what we feel like the Spirit of the Lord is telling us.
There are so many of you who support us every single day watching these videos.
It means a lot to us.
We love y'all so much.
Thank you.
We're just here trying to get the lost as fast as we can to get out of here.
We want Jesus to come.
When you've had glimpses of heaven and you've seen what I've seen, I told Diana, I said, "I'm telling you, people are afraid to die.
" Well, I'm telling you that, yeah, the process of death is hard sometimes when people go through hard things, but the bottom line is, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, and it is glorious.
When you have the glory of it—I got these flies from hell trying to torment my video.
That thing is a zapper.
You're going to hit Diana.
When you have the glory to look forward to, nothing compares in this world.
No finances, no good vacation, no good ice cream, nothing.
Do you understand?
There's nothing in this world that compares to what God has in store for those that love him.
I'm telling you, these are exciting days.
And there are a lot of you who have never been able to see over or experience anything of the glory.
And I encourage you, the more you seek him, you'll find him.
I'm nothing special, Diana.
I don't want to say you're nothing special because you're special to me.
I'm not going to say my wife isn't special.
So, I'm going to say my wife is special because I say I ain't special.
But I looked over here and I said, "Well, no, she's really special to me.
" I'm not going to say she's nothing special either.
Well, we're just human.
But at the same time, I look over and say, "There ain't no way I'm saying that about you," because it's important to me.
That's not true; she is special to me.
But I want to say this, just being real with y'all: if you just seek him, you'll find him.
If you knock, the door will be opened unto you.
He's there as an ever-present help in time of need, as I tell you all the time.
And he's knocking at the door.
If you knock on the door, he said he would open it for you.
He's like, "Hey, come on in.
" So, we want to just encourage y'all to keep knocking.
If you say, "Well, I haven't heard anything, I haven't seen anything, I want to have a visitation, I want to see," keep knocking, keep asking.
Those that ask, the Bible even says, Jesus says, "If your child asks you for a cup of water, will you give him a serpent?
" Come on, man, he's up there wanting to love on you.
You're not going to give your kid a snake or a spider and say, "Here, Johnny.
" If you, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
He's a good God.
That's Matthew 7, I believe.
He just wants to be a friend.
And so, we just praise the Father for all that he's done in this time on this earth with us.
And regardless of whether we all go home tomorrow, I just want him to say, "Well done, thy good and faithful servant, Brandon.
You did it.
With the time that you were allotted and all that you went through, you persevered and you tried.
" We didn't give up.
Diana and I did not give up.
We've tried.
We pushed and pushed and pushed to help bring in the gospel, even on days that you don't understand the attack that we are under.
And we keep standing.
And you say, "Hey, it's okay.
We're going to make it through this.
" No matter the persecution, no matter what's going on in the spirit realm, we keep pushing.
And that's what he wants you to do.
If you just have that can-do attitude, that wanting to do it: "I will serve the Lord my God with all my heart, all my soul, and all my strength.
I'm going to love him, and I'm going to serve him.
I'm going to be with him all the rest of this day.
" You know, just have this can-do attitude.
It's like the Little Engine That Could or the Little Blue Truck that went down the road.
Beep, beep!
And you know, we always read that book for Megan.
The Little Blue Truck said—no, Mr.
food truck went by.
I think we had it memorized.
Yeah, because Megan liked it every day.
"Beep, beep, beep," and he started to swerve.
When you have little kids and you read to them all the time, you'll remember books like that.
But we love you, Father.
I just thank you for every single one of them.
I thank you, Lord, that you're touching their lives right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We believe, Father, that healing belongs to them.
Deliverance belongs to them.
That no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We take authority over sickness.
We take authority over disease, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're delivered from all kinds of bondage, from all kinds of torment.
Father, I thank you.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
Now, Father, I thank you that it's the small foxes that spoil the vines.
And we recognize the small foxes in our lives.
It's not the great big decisions.
It's the small decisions on a day-to-day basis that ruin the vine of our life, that detach us from the vine.
We stay on the vine with everything we've got to make sure that we're not a branch that's cut off because of the small foxes.
Remember that the Bible said that the small foxes ruin the vine.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that our decisions are always pure and right before you.
And thank you, Lord, that you come and visit us, and you show us the harvest equipment.
You show us all that's about to take place and the major harvest of souls when we look at your hands and the suffering that you went through for every single one of us.
It's not a fairy tale.
It truly happened.
We're so grateful, my Lord, my King, for everything you did for me.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for we say it over and over again.
Whatever we can do to help you, we'll do it—financially, physically, mentally, emotionally, whatever we can extend ourselves to do for you and your service, Father, we do it for you.
We give you all the glory, we give you all the honor, and we give you all the praise for everything you've done for Diana and I.
And everything you continue to do.
Thank you, Lord, for the past, the present, and the future.
We dedicate it to you, God.
We thank you, Lord.
Lord, we give you praise for it, Lord.
Lord, we thank you, Lord, that their marriages are restored.
We thank you, Lord, for good days are in store for them in Jesus' name.
Father, for financial freedom, Father, that they're no longer lacking any good thing.
That Father, they'll have an abundance to the full until it overflows over their household finances today.
Father, that today is the day that the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
And we give you, Father, all that praise today in the name of Jesus.
And everyone say, "Amen.
" And amen.
Well, thank you for being here today.
I try to give you a little bit of something.
I wanted to tell you we love you and just show you some of the things we saw on the news if Braden keeps some of it.
I don't want ever to be a boring video.
So, I told him, I said, "Cut it out if it's not.
" So, if it's not there, it's not there.
But I know that the altar call was Jesus.
I can feel him.
I can feel the glory in here.
And I say because he's bringing all his sons and daughters back home.
Well, we never ask you for anything and we never will.
But we will ask you for this.
Please subscribe.
Please.
If you're new here and you've never watched one of our videos before, it's free.
People ask, "Does it cost to subscribe?
" It doesn't cost you anything.
It costs you the pain of a finger.
That's all.
That's all you got to go up there and just click that notification bell, click the like button, click the thumbs up, do all it takes to help us get the gospel out.
We're praying about doing this new channel.
And Diana, we're going to do a new...
Braden said, "Daddy, I feel my heart's stretching to do another one.
Let's go out and fish some more.
" So, we're praying about doing Germany.
Germany is one we were praying about doing because we were watching a Christmas thing in Germany on YouTube of people walking around and celebrating things and I said, "Ah, the German people touch me.
I like to be...
I get excited when I see people, and I'm people watching even on YouTube with those walking tours, soul watching, soul watching.
" And I go, "Man, there's a lot of people that need Jesus there.
We need to do something.
" And I'd get stirred.
And I go, "Well, we're already maxed to capacity, Dad.
" And I'm like, "But there's just one more.
Maybe we could do just one more for the people.
" I just, you know, my heart is for y'all.
And there's so many, and Braden said, "Tell me how many the statistics are.
" He said, "4,000 this last month watched us in Germany.
" I said, "That's a lot.
" And we can get 44,000 people to watch over there.
That's worth the effort.
Maybe, maybe, just maybe.
You know, I don't know, we're always just praying about things we're always going to do because our hearts are for getting the lost.
Braden, he started a Hindi channel, so he's working on the Hindi channel right now, uploading all the videos.
And I think we got like 124 subscribers.
It's brand new—124 subscribers on our brand new Hindi channel.
So, we got our OK from YouTube, so we're going at it as hard as we can to upload those videos.
They don't have very many views yet, but we're trying.
So, we're believing God for the Hindi people to get born again.
So, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all that it takes to help us.
And remember that we pray for you daily.
Remember, we love you.
God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.